We make a one online application which will use in the times of this (pandemic) more, that is online bot which automatically join Microsoft teams meeting. 
So in this bot we use python, selenium web driver, and import some libraries through that it’s easy to implement in code. So we choose python here because through python we can built our project in a manner because in python we can exclude so many things and it’s easy to implement it it also helps in software devlopment  and many more. 
Selenium web driver is collection of open source APIs which are used to automate testing of web application. And in case of writing scripts it supports python, c#, java. just we have to  do is we have to manage our driver with our software and then we have to connect it with our chrome, browser and then it automatically works. So we have to import some selenium libraries and we have than connect that libraries in our software coding and we have to install selenium IDE in our laptop/pc.
So in our case selenium also works according to it’s features that is for automate testing in chrome. We make a online bot which will works according to our needs which type of features we want in our project. so in our bot (automate login in Microsoft teams)and do whatever we want to do with it.
So why we need such bot?.... it fulfils our requirement like in an online classes all have major problem that is he/she cannot be on time in respective meeting or class so by using this bot we can achieve it. This is automate login in teams account ,for that we have to connect our selenium with our project and deal it with chrome what we want in that application. Using this bot it can gives a notification for joining the meeting or it gives message that in this time you have a meeting/lectures for respective class and it will turns of  mic at the time of joining and after that time that we decided that meeting will be ended so it automatically leaves that lecture/meeting. And if there is immediate meeting after that then also it gives notification that you have an another meeting and it joins the meeting all this automation can be done through this bot and in this corona pandemic it helps a lot. Because everybody are attending their lectures through online or may be many are there were working from home so they all need online app through which they can manage their schedules.
In this bot we have created certain functions and import libraries and connect them with Microsoft teams through selenium. It have particular timing for the lectures and in case if there is no lecture then it cannot gives message for joining teams for lectures/meeting  and if there is a lecture but if there may be possible that due to some issues or may be sir/maam don’t want to take lecture but he/she forget to gives the notification to the students in that case our bot will join the meeting but after no respond from that side it will be wait for 10-15 minutes after that it automatically leaves that meeting.
So overall this bot is very much useful for us in case online study, work from home, and many more.    
